## Agenda Group 5C

Date:           03.06.2024; 17:00 - 17:50\
Location:       Pulse Hall-6\
Chair:          Radu Vasile\
Note taker:     Paul Stan\
Attendants: Stefan Bud, Radu Vasile, Rebecca Andrei, Calin Georgescu, Paul Stan, TA Andreea Mocanu

---

# Approval of the agenda (17:00 - 17:05)
- Is everyone familiar with the agenda?
- Does everyone agree with it?
- Are there any points you would like to add?

# Catching up (17:05 - 17:15)
- What did everyone work on before the presentation?
- What did everyone achieve after the presentation?
- How did it go? 
- Are we satisfied with our current progress?
- Did anything slow you down?

# Organizational Points (17:15 - 17:30)
### Midterm presentation reflection (17:15 - 17:20)
- Did everyone look over the rubric?
- Is everyone satisfied with the feedback we received? From the TA + client
- Is everyone aware of the new features that the client wants, and were stated during the meeting?
### Requirements (17:20 - 17:25)
- SSO integration: is it still happening? Did we receive any response?
- What requirements are left?
- What is everyone working on at the moment?
- Will we be able to finish the Must have's by the end of this week? If not, by the end of next week?
### Finishing requirements (17:25 - 17:30)
- What bugs are left from features that are done that we are aware of? (e.g. captions)
- How are we going to tackle those?

# Writing assignments (17:30 - 17:40)
- Deadline self reflection: 5th of June
- Deadline draft report: 11th of June
- How are we going to split the work?
- When are we going to work on this?

# Question round (17:40 - 17:45)
- Are there any other questions we have for our TA?

# Closing (17:45 - 17:50)
- Are we satisfied with today's meeting?
- Thank you for being here!
