## Agenda Group 5C

Date:           11.06.2024; 12:00 - 12:50\
Location:       Pulse Hall-6\
Chair:          Paul Stan\
Note taker:     Stefan Bud\
Attendants: Stefan Bud, Radu Vasile, Rebecca Andrei, Calin Georgescu, Paul Stan, TA Andreea Mocanu

---

# Approval of the agenda (12:00 - 12:05)
- Is everyone familiar with the agenda?
- Does everyone agree with it?
- Are there any points you would like to add?

# Catching up (12:05 - 12:15)
- What did everyone work on before the presentation?
- What did everyone achieve after the presentation?
- How did it go? 
- Are we satisfied with our current progress?
- Did anything slow you down?

# Organizational Points (12:15 - 12:40)
### Client meeting (12:15 - 12:20)
- Is the client satisfied with the product?
- What are some improvements that still need to be made to the application?
- Do we know anything about the Brightspace embedding?
- Did the SSO team respond to us?
- Will we be able to finish everything on time?

### Requirements (12:20 - 12:30)
- What bugs do we need to fix?
- What functionality is left?
- How is the roadmap looking like?
- Are we satisfied?
- Do we want to do anymore major changes?
- How will be testing done?
- How to integrate the most qualitative tests?

# Final presentation (12:30 - 12:35)
- Draft presentation deadline yesterday
- What did each of us do?
- What could we improve before we get the feedback?
- What else could we do to make the presentation better?
- Who will present? What roles?

# Splitting tasks (12:35 - 12:40)
- What is left to do for the requirements?
- How are we going to tackle them and who is going to do what?

# Question round (12:40 - 12:45)
- Are there any other questions we have for our TA?

# Closing (12:45 - 12:50)
- Are we satisfied with today's meeting?
- Thank you for being here!
