## Agenda 5c

Date:           20.05.2024\
Location:       Pulse Hall-6\
Chair:          Rebecca\
Note taker:     Radu\
Attendants: Stefan, Radu, Rebecca, Calin, Paul, TA Andreea

---

# Approval of the agenda (16:20 - 16:25)
- Does everyone agree with the agenda?
- Are there any points anyone would like to add?

# Catching up (16:25 - 16:35)
- What did everyone work on this week? How did it go? 
- Are we satisfied with our current progress?
- Did anything slow you down?

# Organizational Points (16:35 - 16:55)
- Scheduling
    - Midterm, final check-in: 30.05, 11.00, Mirzakhani (2.W950)
    - Endterm: 
        - Client would prefer:
            - Monday (24.06), 13:00 - 14:30 (tentative)
            - Monday (24.06), 14:30 - 16:00
            - Monday (24.06), 16:00 - 17:30
        - Client's other options (NOT preferred)
            - Tuesday (25.06), 11:00 - 12:30
        - What is the TA's final availability?
        - Has the TU Coach replied with their final availability? 
    - Should there be another, separate, TA meeting in Week 6 besides the one with the Midterm presentation?
- Midterm presentation
    - How will we deal with the Midterm presentation?
        - What should we present in terms of content? Just talk about the functionality of the application, or also about future functionality, issues we have encountered (BRIGHTSPACE!!!), how we plan to overcome them, etc? 
        - Should we have a script or improvise on the spot?
        - How long is it supposed to last? @TA
        - Schedule another meeting for later in the week to talk about content
    - Who should present the Midterm?
        - Do all of us have to have an active role in the presentation, or could only 3 / 5 present?
        - How long should each person's speaking time be?
        - Should we switch between presenters often (e.g.: person 1 speaks for 5 minutes, person 2 for 7, person 3 for 3, then person 1 for 5, person 3 for 7, person 2 for 3) or just keep it predictable so it's easier to follow (e.g.: each person speaks for 10 minutes all in one go)?
        - What roles can we create to make the presentation go smoother?
            - Presenter?
            - Content writer?
            - Q&A answerer?
        - Who wants to present for the Midterm?
        - Who wants to present for the Endterm?
    - Should there be a Q&A session at the end?
        - Who will deal with it?
- Have we resolved the issues the TA gave us feedback on last week (i.e.: Gitlab)?

# Review Client Feedback for Scenario 2 (16:55 - 17:05)
- Tell TA about Client's feedback and expectations regarding Scenario 2
    - Describe the Client's new Scenario 2
- Is everyone clear about the feedback we have received from the Client? If not, let's discuss it further.
- Client's responsibilities:
    - set up a sendbox so we can experiment with assigning PDFs to specific users.
    - talk to someone to help us set up a database for the codes, the PDFs and who they're assigned to, etc.
    - BRIGHTSPACE!! the client still hasn't even sent us the contact information for the people at TU Delft responsible for managing the university's Brightspace website.
    - Get in touch with CEO of FeedbackFruits and ask about Brightspace integration.

# Splitting our work for next week (17:05 - 17:15)
- What do we absolutely need to get done this week?
- Who will work on what task?

# Question round (17:15 - 17:20)
- Are there any other questions we have for our TA?

# Closing (17:20 - 17:25)
- Are we satisfied with today's meeting?
- Thanks for coming
