Date: 16.45 - 17.45, 13.05.2024
Present: Rebecca, Radu, Paul, Stefan, Calin, TA Andreea
Chairman: Calin
Note Taker: Rebecca


Organizational:
* are we still meeting next week? Monday, 20.05, 16:20
* do we split the midterm presentation? wait until the next meeting to divide the roles
* TA is available Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday of week 10 for the endterm => present the Tuesday idea => we have to book a room ourselves or ask Gosia for a room in VMB


Agenda points:
* progress check
* code of conduct: we shouldn't be too ambitious because in real life it’s impossible to satisfy all client requirements


General Notes:
* next sprint issues:
   * start working on the annotation tool - making it external so we don’t have to wait on a response for the brightspace integration
   * if we don’t get brightspace response by Thursday, we should start working on some kind of login functionality
   * allow users to edit text and annotations in real-time and save their changes to some database => changes done on metadata, the listener on HTML highlighting
      * we can save the original version of the pdf to the database
      * extract text from frontend and add it to the already-preserved version in the backend to preserve images and tables
   * finish the first version of the tool => almost close to the end of scenario 1


Questions:
* who to contact about a server?
* can we contact the coach about brightspace? not really, it’s doubtful, try to email him and see if he has any advice on this
* should we have a separate repository for the first tool? no
* are we on the right track? => The waiting around for the client is unfavorable
* core quadrants assignment? is it an individual or group assignment? it’s probably a group assignment


Feedback:
* improve issues: detailed description, checks
* milestones: move unfinished issues to new milestones after it ends
* add a title/description to the milestones for each sprint
* start creating sprint retrospectives!! => who worked on what, what issues we encountered, what went well, what didn’t 
* pipeline: 35% pipeline pass for commits => increase the passing rate => merge pipeline
* requirements? get updated must and should requirement progress by Thursday


Conclusion:
* buddycheck next week
* talk to the client and coach when they would be available for endterm presentation because the slots will become available either this week or next week
* pick up the pace from Thursday